what's up ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls pyro stasis here and I'm gonna
show you guys a quick trick on how to
make some startup cash pretty early on
in Kingdoms of Amalur now one of the
first skills I recommend getting is
right here it's the detect hidden line
the first unlock is gonna give you just
more gold as you explore the world the
second unlock allows you to see secret
treasure chests hidden throughout the
the world now this whole line is pretty
much gold I mean it's it's a good line
to get obviously you don't want to
sacrifice some of your other more combat
oriented lines but it's a great line to
get and the reason why the second perk
is so huge is it shows you secret caches
now if you're gonna look up in the upper
right-hand corner you're gonna see a
treasure chest on my mini-map
now that ability alone right there is
cool but it also extends to pretty much
everywhere that you've discovered so you
can see we've got a chest over here now
there does seem to be some range on it
it seems to be right around this far
away from your character unit now if I
were to go a little bit further up over
here I would notice there's about three
chests over here as well but it it gives
you a pretty good range I mean you can
see just here I've got four chests in
range now I'm gonna go ahead and head
over here and show you guys what these
chests look like and and how you go
about get them now as you get closer to
them your joystick starts vibrating and
you may be able to hear that it's
vibrating right now but this log is
actually the the chest item and you open
it up and you get a crude steel hammer
and you get a stealin longbow that
longbow unfortunately isn't all that
great for me but as you go around in the
areas you know you're gonna find gold
you're gonna find crafting match you're
gonna find all sorts of stuff and it's
only two points so I highly recommend
picking those up and you know if you
like the if you're the exploration type
that likes unlocking a lot of other
things it is pure gold because later on
it unlocks all sorts of like hidden
doors and secret things
it's just it's a great perk to have so
once again the perk I'll show you where
it is one more time if you go to
statuses and skills it is the detect
hidden perk the second one in is the one
that you're looking for
and it will definitely help you get
started in Kingdoms of Amalur hope you
guys found this helpful if you did
please click that like button as always
make sure you subscribe so you don't
miss out I name my other videos tips
tricks and guides and I'll catch you
guys the next clip